hello everyone welcome back to another
video of dragons story so today we are
back and we are going to talk about the
night dragon if you and if you are an
apple iOS player you'll probably notice
that there's this night looking dragon
in the game all right I mean a dragon
with arm rod I'd say wouldn't say that
it looks like well it does look like a
night well but it looks more like a
dragon with armor so let's go with the
dragon with armor so at first when you
look at this dragon you'll notice that
it's a blue and red color dragon
actually tried this out I tried reading
for this dragon before actually going
more in depth about it but anyways you
can only obtain two dragon in the spell
shop so that means it's a crafting
dragon or it's a dragon that can only be
crafted what you need to do is use or
get these materials from the outpost
which is from quest you'll have a bunch
of new quest basically you search for
the night dragon materials like the
night banner the Knights order and the
Knights armor now once you go into quest
outpost there would be about a couple of
classes for you to for you to use and
then find these items these items are
completely random you can also buy them
for like 300 gold or 800 gold but I
don't recommend that so after you you
you find all the materials from the
quest that you send off your dragons
into you can create this dragon in the
outpost you go to the spell shop I mean
you go into spell shop and then the
craft button will be enabled and then
you crafty dragon that is essentially it
I don't have any more comments about it
that's essentially what you do and then
you get the egg and then you
yay ganda you've all the drag knows
about it you cannot breathe this dragon
us what I want to end off with that I
hope this has explained to you how to
get this dragon um if you are on Android
at this current moment I don't know
about the future but this current moment
today is what is today there is july 6
2013 so as of that day you cannot get it
on the Android you can only get it on
the Apple iOS anyways that is about it
thank you for watching and I'll see you
in the next video
you